In this first workshop, it asks me to design a phone number book system to look up extension number of each school. Thus, I design it in to three implementation file and two header file. One of implementation file is the main file SchoolDir.cpp which is used to excute the main program. Another program called File.cpp which is used to program some functional codes, such as loading information from file feature, and yes or no feature, and clear buffer feature. The last implementation file called School.cpp, I use this file to perform the main feature, such as look up phone number, read the text file from school.dat. 
I also learned the basic structure things/ideas of C++ language suck as namespace; new library objects cin and cout, and modular programming.
The first new knowledge I learned is Namespace. Namespace is a new feature added in C++ that C language does not have. We could set up a namespace declaration at the beginning of header file or modular cpp file code, then we can apply it in the main cpp function by set using namespace declaration at the top. The namespace is a powerful feature, it could help program to avoid confliction especially in a big C++ project that needs multiple programmer’s codes. For example, if two programmers using the same variable “i” in their program, confliction will happen when they combine their codes because the program has two “i” at the same time. Namespace feature could solve this issue perfectly, they can set whatever they want if it is in their namespace without confliction.
The second knowledge that I learned is some new library objects: cin and cout. Unlike the C language’s printf and scanf. We are going to use cin as input and cout as output, then write it ends with endl.
And the third one I learned is the structure of modules and how to use modular programming. Modular programming is a way to design and develop programs separately which could make the program neatly and more conveniently. It contains a transaction module, iostream module, and main module, and each of them has an implementation file (, cpp) and a header file(.h).
During doing this workshop, I also got some issues that caused me difficulty. The main issue is managing space and make them synchronize. Because of I am using lots of modular programming, and namespace. In the beginning, I must make sure their prototype name is the same and understand how to use namespace in the header file or implementation file. Otherwise, the program will fail to load.
